Let's do an exercise to really
kind of get it ingrained in us,
how to use these scales.
And what I want to do is,
to have us convert our raw movies
data into the visual channels that we're
going to need to render our flowers.
And the mapping is before PG
rating to the type of flower
petal,number of IMDb votes
to the number of petals,
and IMDb rating out of
10 to the size of petal.
And the movie genre to
the color of petals.
And here's again a reference for
the movies.
And this time around,
it's a slight bit different from how we've
been doing it before, because we're
going to actually create an array.
So it's gonna be an array
of objects that we're
going to then bind to our d3 selection.
And the reason why I
like doing it this way,
where I separate out my raw movies array,
from my flowers array.
And my flowers array,
will have all of the visual channels,
visual encodings that I need
to render to the DOM, and
my movies array will have
all of my original raw data.
And the reason why I like to kind of
separate out these two data arrays,
or sorry, these two arrays,
is because often times when I'm
creating visualizations, I might have
multiple different visualizations
that's based on the same data set.
And so I've gotten kind of
in this habit of creating,
of separating the kind of translated
visual channels for each,
because there'll be different for
each different visualization.
And having that be kind
of like its own contained
array that doesn't mutate
the original raw data just so
that, one calculation for
one visualization,
doesn't mess up any calculation for
another chart or visualization.
And so even when I'm only
doing one visualization,
I've kinda gotten in that habit of
separating my array of raw data,
from my array of visual channels, just as
like a kind of personal best practice.
So let's do that and,
what we're going to do, is for
each of these four different things,
let's use the right scale.
And set the domain and range on them.
And then we'll return it here.
And I think yeah, so I think,
yeah, let's then kind of evaluate and
return,
say the color and the path and
the scale and num petals here.
And if we've done it correctly,
then it will all render in this cell.
And so this again is very similar
to what we've done before.
If you kind of want to look at
what it should look like, and what
the flowers array should look like, and
this is what it should look like, but yeah